Upgrade to latest mimir-prometheus@main (#6766)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Grafana Mimir

> * [ENHANCEMENT] PromQL: ignore small errors for bucketQuantile #6766
> * [BUGFIX] Fix issue where queries can fail or omit OOO samples if OOO head compaction occurs between creating a querier and reading chunks #6766
> * [BUGFIX] Fix issue where concatenatingChunkIterator can obscure errors #6766
> * [BUGFIX] Fix panic during tsdb Commit #6766
> * [BUGFIX] tsdb/head: wlog exemplars after samples #6766

Reviewer: These are all very technical descriptions of these changes which may not make sense to a user of Mimir. Perhaps something like this would be clearer? (don't trust my descriptions of these - please check them with the people that made these changes)

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Querier: ignore floating point precision issues when computing histogram quantiles. #6766
* [BUGFIX] Fix issue where queries can fail or omit OOO samples if OOO head compaction occurs while the query is running. #6766
* [BUGFIX] Fix panic while writing samples. #6766
* [BUGFIX] ??? #6766
```
